Add network interface binding documentation (#1008)
favonia/cloudflare-ddns: README.markdown

</details>

<details>
<summary><em>Click to expand:</em> 🛜 Bind to a specific network interface for updates</summary>

> 📜 This method uses a MacVLAN sub-device to bind to a specific network interface and may interfere with your custom iptables and nftables configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📜 This method uses a MacVLAN sub-device to bind to a specific network interface and may bypass your custom `iptables` and `nftables` configurations.
```
